develop: fix paging sql with multiple columns for cluster index table (#10988)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-paginate-results.md

ORDER BY page_num;
```

> **Note:**
>

> > The SQL will be executed as `TableFullScan`, when the data volume is large, the query will be slow, here you can [use TiFlash](/tiflash/tiflash-overview.md#use -tiflash) to speed up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The preceding SQL statement is executed as `TableFullScan`. When the data volume is large, the query will be slow, and you can [use TiFlash](/tiflash/tiflash-overview.md#use -tiflash) to speed up it.
```

> > The preceding SQL statement is executed as `TableFullScan`. When the data volume is large, the query will be slow, and you can [use TiFlash](/tiflash/tiflash-overview.md#use -tiflash) to speed up it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The preceding SQL statement is executed as `TableFullScan`. When the data volume is large, the query will be slow, and you can [use TiFlash](/tiflash/tiflash-overview.md#use-tiflash) to speed up it.
```
